Phoenix K8s README for GH and Docker (#117)
massdriver-cloud/application-templates: phoenix-kubernetes/README.md

* `image` is included in the `massdriver.yaml` for convenience. We recommend hard coding this in `values.yaml` if your container image doesn't change from deployment to deployment.
* Ecto migrations are implemented as kubernetes jobs using the _Helm Release_ as a suffix and run on each apply. Since the old and new version of your application is running, backwards compatible migrations are recommended.

## Next Steps

### Dockerfile

If you don't yet have a Dockerfile for your phoenix application, then phoenix can [generate one for you](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/Mix.Tasks.Phx.Gen.Release.html). Run

```
mix phx.gen.release --docker
```

from your project's root folder to create a best-practices Dockerfile which you can use to build an image to deploy using Massdriver.

### GitHub Workflows

> Once your application is deployed with Massdriver, you can use simple GitHub Workflows to implement Continuous Deployment for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your application is deployed with Massdriver, you can use a simple GitHub Workflow to implement Continuous Deployment for your application.
```
